at a morg in darl bah a man sinks to his
knees this is isil and over there is Aso
says his a friend pointing to the bodies
of his newborn
babies so small they were all put in one
body bag with the mother Muhammad's wife
a doctor and is a 3-day old twis were
killed in an Israeli air strike on a
house in kanun
I went to get my children's birth
certificates my wife gave birth two days
ago and I did not have the opportunity
to celebrate their birth she had a
C-section and she was very tired she was
unable to leave the house Muhammad left
them at home to register the pths and
returned to find them
dead Israel's offensive on the Gaza
Strip has left thousands of Orphans in
its wake there are so many that local
doctors have come up with a special term
when registering
them WC
NSF that stands for wounded child no
surviving family member 10 months of War
has killed nearly 16 and a half thousand
Palestinian children many were alone
others separated from the families and
the bodies of thousands are believed to
be lying under the rule in November
UNICEF called Gaza a graveyard for
children and this has not
changed this is
Abu she was bulled from the rule of a
destroyed house struck in an Israeli air
strike
onun the abua family home was hit in an
a strike and the child's entire family
was killed her mother her father her
brothers and her sisters no one is
left R's 70-year-old grandmother sits
with her the crying won't
stop she won't drink milk from the
bottle there is no one left except this
baby she is 3 months old out of 20
people she is the only one who survived
what did these children
do entire generations of Palestinians
are being wiped out many of those who
remain are too young to even know who
they have
lost the killing and Ming of gaza's most
vulnerable is unprecedented in its
scale
alaz
paltin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer